 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                           Page 1 of 23


        INFORMED CONSENT FORM AND AUTHORIZATION TO USE AND DISCLOSE
                      PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION


 Sponsor / Study Title:               F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / “A PHASE III, RANDOMIZED,
                                      DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, PARALLEL
                                      GROUP STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND
                                      SAFETY OF ONCE-WEEKLY RO7795068 ADMINISTERED
                                      TO PARTICIPANTS WITH OBESITY OR OVERWEIGHT AND
                                      TYPE 2 DIABETES”

 Protocol Number:                     WC45726

 Principal Investigator:              Vicki Miller, MD
 (Study Doctor)

 Telephone:                           346-550-9559 (24 hours)

 Address:                             DM Clinical Research - Tomball
                                      13406 Medical Complex Drive
                                      Suite 150, 180, 190
                                      Tomball TX, 77375

This form is for use in a research study that may involve participants who may or may not have
the capacity to consent to take part in the study. When the participant cannot legally consent to
take part, pronouns “you” and “your” should be read as referring to the participant rather than
the person (legally authorized representative) who is signing this form for the participant. In
cases where the participant’s representative gives consent, the participant should be informed
about the study to the extent possible given his/her understanding. During the course of the
study, if the participant regains the capacity to consent, informed consent will be obtained from
the participant and the participant offered the ability to leave the study if desired.


1.1        INTRODUCTION
● You are being asked to take part in this research study (also known as a clinical trial)
     because you are living with overweight or obesity and Type 2 Diabetes (T2D). This study is
     testing a drug called RO7795068.
●    All individuals will be considered for this study, regardless of race, ethnicity, disability
     status, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
●    F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (hereafter referred to as Roche) is the sponsor of this study and
     is paying the study site to cover the costs of this study.
●    This consent form tells you what will happen if you take part. It also tells you about the
     possible benefits and risks of being in the study.
●    Taking part in this study is your choice. Please read the information carefully and feel free
     to ask questions. It may be helpful for you to discuss this information with your family and
     friends.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026      Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                         Page 2 of 23


●     Instead of taking part in this study, you may choose to
      –    Change your diet and exercise
      –    Get treatment for weight management or T2D without being in this study
      –    Join a different study
      –    Get no treatment
●     Talk to your study doctor about all of your choices, and the risks and benefits of each
      choice. If you choose not to take part, you will not lose the regular care you receive from
      your doctors.
●     If you decide to take part, you will be asked to sign this consent form. You will be given a
      copy of your signed consent form.

1.2                 WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS STUDY?
The purpose of this study is to compare the effects, good or bad, of RO7795068 versus placebo
on top of a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity in participants with overweight or
obesity and T2D. In this study, you will get either RO7795068 or placebo (hereafter referred to
as "study drug"). A placebo looks like the study drug but has no active ingredient.

RO7795068 is being developed as a treatment to reduce weight and improve blood sugar levels
in people who are living with overweight or obesity with inadequately controlled T2D.
RO7795068 works by activating 2 hormone receptors, glucose-dependent insulinotropic
polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1), which may reduce your appetite and how
much you eat, and improve your blood sugar levels. RO7795068 is an experimental drug, which
means health authorities, like the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), have not approved
RO7795068 for the treatment of obesity or overweight.

About 1600 people will take part in this study.

1.3                 WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF I PARTICIPATE?
This study has three parts:
1. Screening (to see if you are eligible for the study)
2. Study treatment
3. Follow-up (to check on you after study treatment is finished)

You will be placed in one of the following study treatment groups:
●     Group 1 will receive placebo, given as a self-administered subcutaneous (SC; under the
      skin) injection every week for 72 weeks.
●     Groups 2, 3, and 4 will receive different doses of RO7795068, given as a self-administered
      SC injection every week for 72 weeks.

Your group will be decided by chance (like tossing a coin). You will have a one in four chance of
being placed in Group 1. You will have a three in four chance of receiving RO7795068.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026    Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                         Page 3 of 23


Neither you nor your study doctor can choose or know the group you are in. However, your
study doctor can find out which group you are in if your safety is at risk or to help make a
decision about your medical care. Your study doctor cannot find out which group you are in to
help decide if you are eligible for another clinical study that is testing experimental drugs or
procedures. This means your participation in this trial may affect your participation in other trials.

In this study you will self-administer study drug as a SC injection in the abdomen once a week
for 72 weeks using an autoinjector (a medical device that uses a spring-loaded pre-filled syringe
to deliver a single dose of the study drug to the body). If you are not able to self-administer
study drug you may have someone else do it for you. You or this individual will be trained on
how to use the autoinjector at the beginning of the study, and as needed throughout the study.
You will need to take the study drug home in a provided cooler bag and store it in a refrigerator.
The injections should ideally occur on the same day and time each week. If you experience
symptoms that your study doctor thinks are related to study drug, the dose of study drug can be
changed or stopped. Your study doctor will perform this evaluation on an ongoing basis.

You will be asked to download a dedicated electronic diary (e-diary) app onto your own personal
mobile device. If you do not have a compatible personal device, you may be provided with an e-
diary device for the duration of the clinical study. In this diary you are expected to enter each
study drug dose. You will also record your weekly glucose monitoring test including any low
blood sugar (hypoglycemic) or high blood sugar (hyperglycemic) events that you may have
during the study.

All participants will receive regular diet, physical activity, and lifestyle management counseling
sessions that follow local recommended guidelines as per standard of care for weight
management and T2D throughout the study as per the planned schedule. To prepare for the
counseling visit you will be asked maintain a diet and exercise diary for 3 days prior to the
counseling visit.

During this study, you will have clinic visits approximately every 4 weeks for the first 36 weeks
and then every 12 weeks until the end of the study while you are receiving the study treatment.
Clinic visits may last 2−3 hours. During the stage when clinic visits are less frequent (which is
during the ‘once every 12 weeks’ stage) you will have the option to either have a monthly
telephone or video call (remote visit) with your study doctor or a clinic visit, to check how you
are doing and whether or not you are experiencing any problems. You and your study doctor will
determine if a remote visit is appropriate for you. You will have a follow-up visit 4 weeks after
your final dose.

Your total time in the study will be about 79 weeks, or 1.5 years.

If you complete the entire study treatment period in this study (72 weeks), you may have the
opportunity to receive active study drug RO7795068 (regardless of which group you were in
during this study) in a separate extension study. Your study doctor will discuss available options
with you when you are close to completing the study. To participate in the extension study you
will need to sign a separate informed consent form.

The study procedures are described in detail in the section titled, “Study procedures and
potential risks”. Some procedures will be the same as your regular care for overweight or
obesity and T2D, and some procedures will be just for this study.



 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026    Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                          Page 4 of 23


1.4                 ARE THERE ANY BENEFITS?
Your health may or may not improve in this study, but the information that is learned may help
other people who have a similar medical condition in the future.

1.5                 ARE THERE ANY RISKS?
You may have side effects from the study drug or procedures used in this study, as described in
the sections titled, “Study treatment risks” and “Study procedures and potential risks.” Side
effects can be mild to severe and even life threatening, and they can vary from person to
person. Talk to your study doctor right away if you have any of the following during the study:
●     Symptoms that are new or have worsened
●     Changes in your prescribed (e.g., your T2D medication) or over-the-counter medications
      (including herbal therapies)
●     Visits to the doctor or hospital, including urgent care or emergency room visits

Exposure to study drug could cause harm to an unborn child. The potential for harm to an
unborn child has been shown in animal studies with other similar drugs. Participants must take
precautions to avoid exposing an unborn child to study drug, as described in the section titled,
“Are there any special requirements?” If you are pregnant, become pregnant, or are currently
breastfeeding, you cannot take part in this study.

Exposure to study drug may affect the ability to father children. If you are able to produce
sperm, you should talk to the study doctor about your options (for example, sperm banking prior
to taking study drug). Exposure to study drug may affect the ability to have children. If you are
able to become pregnant, you should talk to the study doctor about your options (for example,
donation of eggs prior to taking study drug).

1.6                 ARE THERE ANY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS?
While participating in this study, there are certain requirements, as listed below:
●     You should not join another research study.
●     If you are able to become pregnant: You must use a reliable birth control method during the
      study and for 4 weeks after your final dose of RO7795068. Talk with your study doctor
      about what method may be best for you and to confirm the length of time birth control is
      required. You should also talk to your study doctor before changing your method of birth
      control during the study. You must not donate eggs or undergo fertility treatment during the
      study and for 4 weeks after your final dose of RO7795068. Tell your study doctor right away
      if you get pregnant during this period. If you get pregnant, the study doctor will want to
      follow up with you on the outcome of the pregnancy and will ask for your permission to
      collect information about the baby at 6 and 12 months after birth.
●     Certain medications should not be used during this study. Your study doctor will talk to you
      about these medications. You should talk to your study doctor before starting any
      medications, vitamins, or other supplements (including vaccines, topical medications, or
      herbal remedies), even if they don't need a prescription.
●     If you are currently taking drugs for your T2D, you may be able to continue taking these
      medications during the study. Your study doctor will talk to you about these medications
      including which medications for T2D are allowed on study.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026     Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                  Page 5 of 23


●     You will have consultations with a nutritionist or a dietitian to discuss your diet and physical
      activity. To support the conversation with your nutritionist or dietitian, you will be asked to
      keep a food and physical activities e-diary. The consultation will occur at least every month
      for the first three months, and every three months thereafter, either in person or by phone.
●     You must be willing to maintain a T2D-appropriate diet and have regular physical activity
      (approximately 150 minutes per week).
●     You must be willing to check your blood sugar regularly throughout the study. This includes
      checking at least once a week on an empty stomach and possibly more often on certain
      days. You will receive a glucometer and necessary testing supplies to use at home. You will
      record your results in a e-diary. It is important to let the study site know right away if your
      blood sugar levels are unusually high or low. Your study doctor may need to adjust your
      study treatment plan.
●     For designated fasting clinic visits, you will need to fast (no food or drink except water, no
      significant physical activity) for 8 hours before each study visit. If you were unable to fast in
      advance of your scheduled visit, laboratory tests and weight will not be collected, and you
      will be asked to return to the study site for an additional unscheduled visit.
●     You will need to avoid caffeine, smoking, and strenuous physical activity within 1 hour
      before your clinic visit as your vital signs (blood pressure and heart rate) will be measured.
●     You must tell your study doctor if you are planning to undergo surgery or a procedure while
      taking part in this study.

1.7                 WILL I BE PAID TO PARTICIPATE?
You will be paid for each visit you complete, according to the following schedule:

 In Clinic Visits (e.g. Screening Visit 1, Screening Visit 2, Week 0,               $188 per visit
 Week 4, Week 8, Week 12, Week 16, Week 20, Week 24, Week
 28, Week 32, Week 36, Week 48, Week 60, Week 72, ED, SFU
 W75, USV)
 Remote Visits (Week 40, Week 44, Week 52, Week 56, Week 64,                        $94 per visit
 Week 68)

You will be paid following each completed visit.

Information from this study, including information from research on your samples, may lead to
discoveries, inventions, or development of commercial products. You and your family will not
receive any benefits or payment if this happens.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026             Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                        Page 6 of 23


1.8                 WILL IT COST ME ANYTHING?
While participating in this study, you will not have to pay for drugs or procedures that are
required only for this study and are not part of your regular medical care. Reasonable out of
pocket expenses, for example: travel costs, parking, and meals will also be covered. You or
your health plan will have to pay for medicines and clinic, hospital, and doctors' services that are
part of your regular medical care. Some health plans will not pay for medications or procedures
for people participating in research studies. Your study doctor can find out what your health plan
will pay for.

1.9                 WHAT HAPPENS IF I AM INJURED BECAUSE I TOOK PART IN THIS STUDY?
If you get injured because you took part in this study, contact your study doctor as soon as
possible at the contact information found on the first page of this form. Your study doctor will
explain your options and tell you where to get treatment.

Roche will pay for costs of diagnosis and treatment for a physical injury that resulted from taking
part in the study if all of the following are true:
●     Roche and the study doctor agree that the study drug or a study procedure caused your
      injury.
●     The study drug or study procedure is not part of your regular care.
●     The injury was not caused by a medical condition you already had before joining the study.
●     Your injury did not occur because you or the study team did not follow instructions.

To request payment for treatment costs, contact your study doctor, who will ask Roche to take
action.

If a participant is eligible for Medicare, federal law requires Roche to inform the Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services (the agency responsible for the Medicare program) when Roche
is going to pay for a participant's injury. Roche may need to share personal information, such as
your name, date of birth, sex, and Medicare ID number (if you have one), with the Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services.

You will not be reimbursed for costs that any third party such as your medical insurance has
    already covered. You do not lose any of your legal rights by signing this form.

1.10     CAN I STOP BEING IN THE STUDY?
You can leave this study at any time. Tell your study doctor if you are thinking about stopping,
and your study doctor will tell you how to stop safely. If you leave this study, you will not lose
access to any of your regular care.

If there are important new findings or changes in this study that may affect your health or
willingness to continue, your study doctor will let you know as soon as possible.

You may be required to stop participating in the study, even if you wish to continue. Below are
some of the reasons why you may be asked to stop:
●     Your safety would be at risk if you continued
●     You were unable to or did not follow study instructions or procedures
●     You need medical care that is not allowed by this study

 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                        Page 7 of 23


●    This study has been stopped by Roche, the Institutional Review Board (people responsible
     for protecting the rights and safety of people who take part in research studies), or
     regulatory authorities (government agencies involved in keeping research safe for people)

When your participation ends, no new information will be collected about you with two
exceptions: 1) if you experience a side effect after the study that is believed to be related to
study treatment, the study doctor may report the side effect to Roche, and 2) any laboratory
samples collected prior to stopping may still be tested, unless you specifically ask for your
samples to be destroyed. However, Roche will still be able to use information that was collected
prior to stopping, including information from samples that were tested prior to stopping.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                         Page 8 of 23


SECTION 2:          STUDY DETAILS

2.1        STUDY TREATMENT RISKS
Risks Associated with RO7795068
RO7795068 has had limited testing in humans. The known side effects of this study drug, as
well as potential side effects based on human and laboratory studies or knowledge of similar
drugs, are listed below. There may be side effects that are not known at this time.

 Known Side Effects
 ● No known side effects
 Potential Side Effects
 ● Nausea
 ● Vomiting
 ● Diarrhea (loose stool)
 ● Constipation (difficulties passing stool)
 ● Inflammation of the gallbladder and/or bile ducts
 ● Inflammation of the pancreas
 ● Hypoglycemia (low blood sugar)
 ● Cancer of the thyroid gland
 ● Food or liquid getting into the lungs during surgery or other procedures that use anesthesia
   or deep sleepiness (deep sedation)
 ● Heart rate increase


Allergic Reaction
As with taking any drug, there is a risk of allergic reaction. If you have a very serious allergic
reaction, you may be at risk of death. Some symptoms of allergic reactions are:
    ●    Rash
    ●    Wheezing and difficulty breathing
    ●    Dizziness and fainting
    ●    Swelling around the mouth, throat or eyes
    ●    A fast pulse
    ●    Sweating
Please seek treatment immediately and tell the study doctor and study staff if you have any of
these symptoms.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026    Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                    Page 9 of 23


2.2                 STUDY PROCEDURES AND POTENTIAL RISKS
Procedures with associated risks are listed below. The study doctor will provide more detailed
information about the risks and their frequency. Participation in the study may also involve
unanticipated risks.

                                    Procedures with Associated Risks
               Procedure                       Approximate Timing                    Potential Risks
Blood sample (about less than              ● Screening                     Drawing blood can cause pain,
half a tablespoon to 3                     ● Day 1                         bruising, or infection where the
tablespoons at each visit)                 ● Week 4                        needle is inserted. Some people
                                                                           experience dizziness, fainting, or
                                           ● Every 12 weeks                upset stomach when their blood is
                                             starting from Day 1           drawn.
                                           ● Early discontinuation
                                             visit (if applicable)
                                           ● Follow-up visit
Finger stick self-monitored blood ●             Screening                  Pain or discomfort from fingertip
glucose monitoring                ●             After Day 1, at a          pricking
                                                minimum once a
                                                week on empty
                                                stomach, and as
                                                needed based on
                                                symptoms
Subcutaneous (under the skin)              ●    Weekly starting            Injection site bruising, discomfort,
injection of study drug                         from Day 1 and             swelling, or itching could occur. If
                                                through Week 71            you have any of these symptoms,
                                                                           you should notify the study staff
                                                                           right away.


Non-invasive procedures with minimal risks are listed below.

                             Non-Invasive Procedures with Minimal Risks
                       Procedure                                             Approximate Timing
Review of medical history, including                        ● Screening
medications
Recording of age, sex, and optional recording               ● Screening
of self-reported race and ethnicity
Review changes in your health or medications ● Every visit
Height                                                      ● Screening




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026               Revised 30 Jan 2026
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                Page 10 of 23


                            Non-Invasive Procedures with Minimal Risks
                      Procedure                                             Approximate Timing
Weight                                                     ● Screening
                                                           ● Day 1
                                                           ● Every 4 weeks for the first 36 weeks and
                                                             every 12 weeks thereafter, starting from Day
                                                             1
                                                           ● Early discontinuation (if applicable)


Waist and hip circumference                                ● Screening
                                                           ● Day 1
                                                           ● Every 12 weeks starting from Day 1
                                                           ● Early discontinuation (if applicable)


Vital signs: blood pressure and heart rate                 ● Screening
                                                           ● Day 1
                                                           ● Every 4 weeks for the first 24 weeks and
                                                             every 12 weeks thereafter starting from Day
                                                             1
                                                           ● Early discontinuation (if applicable)
                                                           ● Follow-up
Complete physical examination                              ● Screening
                                                           ● Week 72
                                                           ● 4 weeks after last dose
Electrocardiogram (ECG): measures electrical ● Screening
activity of your heart                       ● Day 1
                                             ● Every 12 weeks starting from Day 1
                                             ● 4 weeks after last dose
Diary completion                                           ● Study drug entries: Weekly starting from Day
                                                             1 and through Week 71.
                                                           ● Diet and exercise entries: A 3-day diet and
                                                             exercise diary is recommended before each
                                                             counseling visit (see row below).
                                                           ● Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG)
                                                             entries: Minimum two fasting SMBG on
                                                             nonconsecutive days in Screening. Minimum
                                                             weekly starting from Day 1, and as needed
                                                             for hypoglycemic events.
Diet and exercise counseling                               ● Day 1
                                                           ● Every 4 weeks for the first 12 weeks and 12
                                                             weeks thereafter starting from Day 1
                                                           ● Early discontinuation (if applicable)


Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026            Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                Page 11 of 23


                             Non-Invasive Procedures with Minimal Risks
                       Procedure                                             Approximate Timing
Questionnaires about your health status                     ● Day 1
                                                            ● Every 24 weeks starting from Day 1
                                                            ● 4 weeks after last dose
Questionnaires about your mental health                     ● Screening
                                                            ● Day 1
                                                            ● Every 12 weeks starting from Day 1
                                                            ● 4 weeks after last dose
                                                            ● If you are having suicidal thoughts or feel
                                                              you are in a crisis, call 9-1-1 to be
                                                              connected to local emergency services. You
                                                              can also present to your local emergency
                                                              room, or a healthcare provider. You can also
                                                              call or text the National Suicide & Crisis
                                                              Lifeline at 9-8-8 or 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
                                                              The Lifeline numbers are answered 24
                                                              hours a day every day of the year by a
                                                              skilled, trained counselor. If you have had
                                                              suicidal thoughts, have been in a crisis,
                                                              have called 9-1-1, or presented to the
                                                              emergency room or a health care provider,
                                                              please call the study doctor at the telephone
                                                              number listed on the first page of this form.
Urine sample                                                ● Day 1, Week 24 and Week 72
                                                            ● Every 12 weeks starting from Day 1 (only for
                                                              women of childbearing potential)
                                                            ● Early discontinuation (if applicable)
                                                            ● 4 weeks after last dose
Dilated eye examination                                     ● Screening


2.3                 ACCESS TO STUDY DRUG AFTER COMPLETING THE STUDY
You may be eligible to receive active study drug (RO7795068) as part of an extension study, as
described in the section titled, “What will happen if I participate?” Your study doctor can give you
more information. Roche does not have any other plans to provide RO7795068 to you after you
have completed the study.

Your personal doctor will be responsible for your long-term care after you have completed the
study.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026            Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 12 of 23


2.4        USE AND HANDLING OF LABORATORY SAMPLES
Sample Use
Blood and urine samples will be collected as part of this study. Samples will be collected for
reasons such as the following:
 ● Check your health through standard          ● Find out if your body is making antibodies
   laboratory tests                              to study drug
 ● Find out if you are pregnant                ● Perform additional analyses related to
 ● Confirm menopause status (if applicable)      processing of study drug or development of
 ● Measure cholesterol and other lipids (fats)   antibodies to study drug (if needed)
 ● Check the status of your T2D                ● Develop tests or tools that help with
                                                 detecting or understanding your disease
 ● Check your thyroid function
 ● Check your kidney function
 ● Check your pancreas function
 ● Find out how study drug is processed by
   your body
 ● Find out how variations in biomarkers (such
   as proteins associated with T2D, obesity,
   and related diseases) affect your disease
   or your response to investigational drug


Sample Storage
Samples will be securely stored for a defined period (as described below) and will then be
destroyed.

Samples will be stored for up to 5 years after the final study results have been reported.

2.5          PROTECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
During this study, health and personal information ("information") about you
will be collected. This section describes the protection, use, and sharing of
your information, which consists of the following:
● Information in your medical record, which is held by the study site
● Information (including imaging data) that is collected or produced during
  this study ("study data"), which is held by the study site, Roche, Roche
  affiliates, and Roche's representatives (people and companies who
  work for Roche)

Your privacy is very important, and Roche uses many safeguards to protect
your privacy, in accordance with applicable data privacy laws and laws
related to the conduct of clinical trials.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 13 of 23


Your study data and samples will be labeled with a participant identification
(ID) number that is unique to you and not related to or derived from
information that identifies you (such as your name or any other personally
identifying information). Roche, Roche affiliates, and Roche's
representatives will only have access to study data and samples labeled
with a participant ID number, except when accessing your medical record
under certain circumstances, as described below:
    Your information (including your medical record, which contains
    personal information that can identify you) may need to be reviewed to
    make sure the study is being done properly or to check the quality of
    the information. This information will be kept private. The following
    people and groups of people may review and/or copy this information:
    ● Authorized individuals (such as study monitors and auditors)
      representing Roche and Roche's collaborators and licensees
      (people and companies who partner with Roche)
    ● The Institutional Review Board
    ● Regulatory authorities, such as the FDA

Roche, Roche affiliates, and Roche's collaborators and licensees may use
study data labeled with your participant ID number. Your study data may
also be shared with independent researchers or government agencies, but
only after personal information that can identify you has been removed.
Your study data may be combined with other people's data and/or linked to
other data collected from you. Your study data may be used to help better
understand why people get diseases and how to best prevent, diagnose,
and treat diseases, and to develop and provide access to new medicines,
medical devices, and health care solutions.

Unless required by law, your information will not be given to your insurance
company or employer and will not be made public. If the results from this
study are published in a medical journal or presented at a scientific
meeting, you will not be identified.

While every effort will be made to protect the confidentiality of your
information, absolute confidentiality cannot be guaranteed.

Information from this study will be retained by the study site for 15 years
after the end of the study or for the length of time required by applicable
laws, whichever is longer. In addition, Roche will retain the study data for

Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 14 of 23


25 years after the final study results have been reported or for the length of
time required by applicable laws, whichever is longer.

If you sign and date this Authorization form, you give permission to the
study site to use and/or share your "health information," which includes all
information about you that has been and will be collected by the study site
(including imaging data) and information in your study site medical record.
Your health information may be used or shared for the purposes of this
research study and for research related to overweight or obesity and T2D
or other metabolic disorders, common pathways (links) among diseases,
the use of experimental drugs in disease therapy, and/or the development
of tests or tools that help with detecting or understanding overweight or
obesity and T2D. You do not have to sign this Authorization form, but if you
do not, you cannot take part in this research study.
Your health information may be used by and/or shared with Roche, Roche
affiliates, Roche's collaborators and licensees, the Institutional Review
Board, and regulatory authorities. Your health information and samples
may be analyzed in any country worldwide. Those persons who receive
your health information may not be required by federal privacy laws to
protect it and may share your health information with others without your
permission, if permitted by laws that apply to them.

You have the right to see and get a copy of your medical records kept by
the study site that are related to the study. However, by signing this
consent form, you agree that you generally will not be able to review or
receive some of your records related to the study until after the entire study
has been completed. This is to protect the scientific integrity of the study.

Your permission to use and share your health information does not have an
expiration date. In California, and any other state that requires an expiration
date, the Authorization will expire 50 years after you sign and date this
Authorization document.

You may change your mind and take back your consent at any time. If you
take back your consent, no new health information will be collected about
you, except as described in above. However, Roche will still be able to use
and share any health information about you that has already been collected
during this study. To take back your consent, you must do so in writing by
contacting your study doctor using the contact information found on the first
page of this form.

Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                Page 15 of 23


STATEMENT OF AUTHORIZATION
I have read this form and its contents were explained. My questions have
been answered. I voluntarily agree to allow study staff to collect, use and
share my health data as specified in this form. I will receive a signed and
dated copy of this form for my records. I am not giving up any of my legal
rights by signing this form.


Participant's name (print)


If applicable – Name of participant's legally                                      Relationship to
authorized representative (print)                                                  participant


Participant's signature or signature of                                            Date
participant's legally authorized representative

WITNESS SIGNATURE FOR PARTICIPANTS WHO CANNOT READ (IF
APPLICABLE)
The study participant has indicated that he/she is unable to read. The
authorization has been read to the participant by a member of the study
staff, discussed with the participant by a member of the study staff, and the
participant has been given an opportunity to ask questions of the study
staff.


Witness name a (print)


Witness signature a                                    Date
a     If the Study Doctor or Institutional Review Board deems a witness
signature is necessary (as per ICH Guidelines, Good Clinical Practice
[E6], 4.8.9, or local regulations).




Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026            Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                          Page 16 of 23


2.6                 STUDY RESULTS
Results from exploratory biomarker tests will not be shared with you or your doctor, unless
required by law, and will not be part of your medical record.

A clinical study report containing the results of this trial may be made available to anyone who
requests a copy. Before this report is provided, additional steps will be taken to protect your
information from being linked to you.

An easy-to-understand summary of the results of this study will be available at
https://forpatients.roche.com/. Your study doctor may inform you about the availability of the
summary for this study. Once the summary is available, you can view it by entering the study
number (WC45726) in the search bar. This summary will not contain any information that could
lead to the identification of you or any other study participants.

When the clinical trial is completed, you can ask your study doctor to tell you which study
treatment you received during the trial.

This clinical trial may be registered on databases that are available to the public.

A description of this clinical trial will be available on http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov, as required by
U.S. Law. This Web site will not include information that can identify you. At most, the Web site
will include a summary of the results. You can search this Web site at any time.

2.7                 WHOM TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS STUDY
During the study, if you experience any medical problems, suffer a research-related injury, or
have questions, concerns or complaints about the study such as:

      ●   Whom to contact in the case of a research-related injury or illness;
      ●   Payment or compensation for being in the study, if any;
      ●   Your responsibilities as a research participant;
      ●   Eligibility to participate in the study;
      ●   The study doctor’s or study site’s decision to withdraw you from participation;
      ●   Results of tests and/or procedures;

Please contact the study doctor at the telephone number listed on the first page of this
consent document.
If you seek emergency care, or hospitalization is required, alert the treating physician that you
are participating in this research study.
An institutional review board (IRB) is an independent committee established to help protect the
rights of research participants. If you have any questions about your rights as a research
participant, contact:
      ●   By mail:
                    Study Subject Adviser
                    Advarra IRB
                    6100 Merriweather Dr., Suite 600
                    Columbia, MD 21044

 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026      Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 17 of 23


      ●   or call toll free:   877-992-4724
      ●   or by email:         adviser@advarra.com
Please reference the following number when contacting the Study Subject Adviser:
Pro00090756.

2.8                 OTHER RESEARCH STUDIES
Roche may inform your study doctor about other Roche research studies that might be of
interest to you, taking into consideration your medical records and/or information collected as
part of this study. If allowed by local laws, your study doctor may contact you in the future to see
if you would like to learn more about taking part in a new research study. Taking part in a new
research study would be entirely voluntary.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                   Page 18 of 23


Signature
I confirm that I have read this consent form, or it has been read to me. I understand the
information presented and have had my questions answered. I understand that I will be
given a copy of all pages of this form after it has been signed and dated. I agree to take
part in this research study as described above and authorize the study site to use and
share my information as described in this form.



Participant's name (print)



If applicable – Name of participant's legally authorized                            Relationship to participant
representative (print)



Participant's signature or signature of participant's legally                       Date
authorized representative


I, the undersigned, have fully explained this informed consent to the participant named
above and/or the participant's legally authorized representative.




Name of person conducting informed consent discussion
(print)



Signature of person conducting informed consent discussion                          Date




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026               Revised 30 Jan 2026
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                              Page 19 of 23


WITNESS SIGNATURE FOR PARTICIPANTS WHO CANNOT READ (if applicable)

The study participant has indicated that he/she is unable to read. The consent document has
been read to the participant by a member of the study staff, discussed with the participant by a
member of the study staff, and the participant has been given an opportunity to ask questions
of the study staff




Witness name a (print)




Witness signature a                                                                Date




a   If the study doctor or Institutional Review Board deems a witness signature is necessary (as
    per ICH Guidelines, Good Clinical Practice [E6], 4.8.9, or local regulations).




Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026          Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                         Page 20 of 23


SECTION 3: CONSENT FOR OPTIONAL COLLECTION AND STORAGE OF SAMPLES FOR THE
           RESEARCH BIOSAMPLE REPOSITORY


INTRODUCTION
The Research Biosample Repository (RBR) is a collection of samples that will be tested by
researchers during Study WC45726 and for future research. Reasons for testing may include:
●    Finding out why certain people are more likely to respond to study treatments than others
●    Finding out how and why diseases act differently in different people
●    Developing new treatments for diseases or medical conditions
●    Finding out why certain people are more likely to have side effects than others
●    Finding out how study treatments are processed in the body
●    Finding out how study treatments affect the body
●    Developing better ways for preventing diseases or treating diseases earlier
●    Developing or improving tests or tools that help with detecting or understanding diseases
     and identifying the right medicine for the right patient

You are being asked to donate blood, serum, plasma, and urine samples to the RBR. Donating
your samples to the RBR is your choice. No matter what you choose, it will not affect your
participation in the main study or the regular care you receive from your doctors.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF I PARTICIPATE?
Listed below are the procedures for donating samples, along with any potential risks.

                       Procedure                                                    Potential Risks
A blood sample (about 3 mL [less than                       The RBR blood sample will be collected at the
1 teaspoon]) will be collected for the RBR.                 same time as another scheduled sample collection,
                                                            so there are no additional risks.
Any remaining serum, plasma, and urine collected            There are no additional risks associated with
during the study will be donated to the RBR.                donating remaining serum, plasma, and urine to the
                                                            RBR.



Samples will be securely stored in the RBR until they are no longer needed or until they are
used up, and will then be destroyed.

Testing may involve analysis of your genome (DNA), the "instruction book" for the cells in your
body. Your samples may be tested for inherited or non-inherited genome variations, to allow for
exploration of broad health research questions across disease areas. Testing may include
analysis of all of your DNA (whole genome sequencing) or analysis of part of your DNA.
Analyses of samples from a large number of people may help researchers learn more about
RO7795068 and similar drugs, obesity and T2D and other diseases, possible links among
diseases, genome variations and how they might affect a disease or a person's response to the
study treatment, and new avenues for drug development and personalized therapies.



 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026                     Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 21 of 23


ARE THERE ANY BENEFITS TO DONATING SAMPLES?
You will not receive any direct benefit from donating your samples. However, research
performed on these samples may benefit other patients with overweight or obesity and T2D or a
similar condition in the future.

WILL I BE PAID IF I DONATE SAMPLES?
You will not be paid for donating samples to the RBR.

Information from research on your RBR samples may lead to discoveries, inventions, or
development of commercial products. You and your family will not receive any benefits or
payment if this happens.

HOW WILL MY PRIVACY BE PROTECTED?
Your samples and information will be labeled with your participant ID number; they will not be
labeled with your name, your picture, or any other personally identifying information. Your
samples and information will be kept under the same level of privacy used for the main study.
Roche uses many safeguards to protect your privacy.

Unless required by law, information from the analyses will not be given to your insurance
company or employer and will not be made public. If the research results are published in a
medical journal or presented at a scientific meeting, you will not be identified. Information from
the sample analyses will not be part of your medical record.

Roche, Roche affiliates, and Roche's collaborators and licensees may study the RBR samples
and information in any country worldwide.

Data from analysis of RBR samples may be shared with researchers or government agencies,
but only after personal information that can identify you has been removed. These data may be
combined with or linked to other data and used for research purposes, to advance science and
public health, or for analysis, development, testing, and commercialization of products that treat
or diagnose disease, or improve patient care. These data will not include information that
identifies you.

The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act generally makes it illegal for health insurance
companies, group health plans, and most employers to discriminate against you on the basis of
your genetic information. This act generally will protect you in the following ways:
●    Health insurance companies and group health plans cannot request your genetic
     information from this research
●    Health insurance companies and group health plans cannot use your genetic information
     when making decisions regarding your eligibility or premiums
●    Employers with 15 or more employees cannot use your genetic information from this
     research when setting the terms of your employment

This federal law does not protect you against genetic discrimination by companies that sell life
insurance, disability insurance, or long-term care insurance.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                       Page 22 of 23


WILL I HAVE ACCESS TO MY TEST RESULTS?
Information from the sample analyses will not be shared with you or your doctor, unless required
by law, except as described below.

You may request access to the genome sequencing data obtained from your blood sample, if
permitted by local law. You must submit any request for access to such sequencing data to your
study doctor. This information shared with you and your study doctor may be available in the
form of a file of raw genomic sequencing data. This file will not contain any interpretation of your
data, and no clinical report will be available. The data will not be included in your medical
record. Your blood sample may be tested many years after the study has ended, or may never
be tested. This means your genomic sequencing data may not be available at the time of your
request, or may never be available. Roche will do its best to forward available data, but there is
no guarantee that data will be forwarded in response to every request.

CAN I CHANGE MY MIND ABOUT STORING MY SAMPLES IN THE RBR?
You can change your mind at any time. If you want to withdraw your consent for the RBR, tell
your study doctor that you no longer want your samples stored or used for research. After you
withdraw consent, any samples that remain will be destroyed. If you change your mind and your
samples have already been tested, Roche will still be able to use the results from those tests. If
you withdraw or discontinue from the main study, your RBR samples will continue to be stored
and used for research unless you specifically ask that they be destroyed.




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026   Revised 30 Jan 2026
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Protocol Number WC45726                                                   Page 23 of 23


Signature
I willingly consent to allow my samples to be stored in the RBR and used for the research
described above.



Participant's name (print)



If applicable – Name of participant's legally authorized                            Relationship to
representative (print)                                                              participant



Participant's signature or signature of participant's legally                       Date
authorized representative


I, the undersigned, have fully explained this informed consent to the participant named
above and/or the participant's legally authorized representative.




Name of person conducting informed consent discussion
(print)



Signature of person conducting informed consent discussion                          Date


WITNESS SIGNATURE FOR PARTICIPANTS WHO CANNOT READ (if applicable)
The study participant has indicated that he/she is unable to read and/or physically sign the
consent document. The authorization document has been read to the participant by a
member of the study staff, discussed with the participant by a member of the study staff, and
the participant has been given an opportunity to ask questions of the study staff



Witness name a (print)



Witness signature a                                                                 Date
a   If the study doctor or Institutional Review Board deems a witness signature is necessary
    (as per ICH Guidelines, Good Clinical Practice [E6], 4.8.9, or local regulations)




 Vicki Miller, MD                        Advarra IRB Approved Version 20 Jan 2026              Revised 30 Jan 2026
